
Welcome to a Skyrim Special Edition Archipelago Manual Randomizer, version 0.7.2

	Being an early alpha, this version is more geared towards general play-testing and feedback-creation of the types of Locations and Items.
	There are plans to create similar versions down the line that are more narrow for those that may be interested, but this version is intentionally wide-ranging in possible 'things-to-do'.
	Thank you for your interest!


What does randomization do to this game?
	First and foremost; know that as a Manual Randomizer, you are not restricted from playing the game as normal. There is no mod or extra code that modifies Skyrim, so you will need to use the honor system while you play.
	
	Currently the majority of objectives that can be shuffled among the multiworld are the 'permission' to start certain quests, and what Skills/Item-tiers you are allowed to use.

		
What is the goal of Skyrim Special Edition Manual AP?
	The default Goal of this Randomizer is to complete one of the Faction questlines (The Companions, The College of Winterhold, The Thieves' Guild, The Dark Brotherhood, Dawnguard, or Dragonborn), and then kill Aludin.
	There are a handful of other Goals you can set in your YAML file; for only killing Alduin, only doing part of the Main Questline(Dragonborn Acknowledged), completing ALL your enabled Factions, or only doing a random Faction questline.
	
	
What are location checks in Skyrim Special Edition Manual AP?
	Locations range from the Main Quest and major Quest-Lines(College/Guild/Companions/Brotherhood/Dawnguard/Dragonborn) as well as all the Daedric Quests, to several of the Fishery quests, and a lot of custom Objective Locations like Hunting, Exploration, and the like.
	
	
Which items can be in another player's world?

	Your various Skills, Weapon and Armor Tiers(Steel/Elven/Dwarven/Etc), Spell Tiers (Novice/Adept/etc); and Quest Progression for the Main Quest as well as major Faction Quest-lines(College/Guild/Companions/Brotherhood/Dawnguard/Dragonborn) are all Items and must be found before you can complete the associated quest.
	
	